good name for an fpga templete project that contains a i2c interface with an registerbank for small to medium projects like gowin 9k or ice40
￼volume_up
￼￼
Here are some good names for an FPGA template project that contains an I2C interface with a register bank for small to medium projects like Gowin 9k or ICE40:

Descriptive:

I2C_RegisterBank_Template
SMBus_Register_Peripheral_Template (SMBus is a variant of I2C)
Gowin9k_ICE40_I2C_RegisterBank
Short and Catchy:

I2C_Link
RegMap_Lite
I2C_Reactor (play on the concept of using registers to control the core)
Specific to Gowin or Lattice (ICE40):

Gowin_I2C_Lego (Lego emphasizes the modularity of the template)
ICE40_Regulator
Ultimately, the best name will depend on your preference and the specific goals of your project.

Here are some additional tips for choosing a good name:

Keep it short and easy to remember.
Use keywords that accurately reflect the project's functionality.
Avoid using names that are already in use by other projects.
Make sure the name is easy to pronounce and spell.
￼
￼
￼
share
￼
￼
more_vert
￼
I2C_Reactor is good. I have also build a web based tools to build and maintain register maps. good names for that could be regmap builder regmap_Creater 
￼edit
Vis udkast



















￼volume_up
￼￼
Both regmap builder and regmap_Creater are good options, but here are some additional suggestions that might be even better depending on what you want to emphasize:

Emphasize ease of use:

RegMap Wizard
Registerator (combines register and creator)
I2C Maestro (maestro suggests control and ease of use)
Emphasize customization:

RegMap Architect
I2C Blueprint
Register Definition Tool
Catchy and short:

Regify (combines register and simplify)
Bit Forge (plays on the idea of building with bits)
I2C Tailor
Ultimately, the best name will depend on what aspect of your tool you want to highlight.  Here's a breakdown to help you decide:

regmap builder / regmap_Creater: These are clear and concise, but don't necessarily emphasize any specific strengths.
Focus on ease of use: Choose names like RegMap Wizard or I2C Maestro if you want to highlight the user-friendly nature of your tool.
Focus on customization: If your tool offers a lot of options for building complex register maps, consider RegMap Architect or I2C Blueprint.
Catchy and short: Options like Regify or Bit Forge might be good if you want a name that is easy to remember and stands out.
I hope this gives you some additional ideas!
